All right so we are almost done with the HTL template or we need to do now is just style it.
So we want to go to our style CSSA And let's start with the body.
OK.
So I want to add a font size here of 15 pixels are going to set the color to gray which will be seven
a seven a seven day.
And we're going to set a line height of 1.7 m OK.
Now all of the links are going to have a green color which matches the logo.
So it's for her just adding a tag here and say color and then the main color is going to be zero F A
F 9:7 k.
Now we also want that color for all of the primary buttons.
So we're going to add DTN dash primary and set the background to that color.
And then we also want the color of the text to be white.
OK we also want the border color to be white
OK see if those changed.
OK.
Now for the Nav..
You can see it's still blue.
I'm going to just play something in here it's kind of stubborn we have to add a bunch of classes.
So let me just
let's go right here and a pace to sing K because we want all of these classes
and set the background to that green color.
So now if we go and reload now it's green came if we hover over other links it's going to be like gray
.
So let's move on to the Jumbotron.
We have quite a bit to do there.
We're going to go down right here and let's say Dortch jumbotron and we're going to align everything
to the center.
We're going to add a border bottom and that's going to be one pixel solid and it's two E-5
right.
So next let's do.
I'm going to add some padding.
We're going to say palang top 90 pixels and also padding the bottom will also do 90 pixels.
Now we're going to have a background image so say background which would be that you are l.
OK and here we're going to say dot dot slash image slash banner dot.
Jay peg.
Ok now I'm going to just adjust the position a little bit will say 0 and then negative 80 pixels.
So that's just going to bring it up a little bit.
And then the last thing we want to do here is set the color to white.
All right.
So let's go in and reload.
Now we have an issue here.
We want the the jumbotron in the image to to go across the entire page not end here like the rest of
the template.
So let's take a look at our age team I'll
see you on index and if we go down to where we have the Jumbotron.
Well actually what I did here.
Well what it had.
By default when we used the demo template it has a container going around the entire site.
And I don't want that.
So I'm going to get rid of that.
And then of course the ending div which is down at the bottom.
All right.
We actually don't need this either.
So let's save that and take a look at it.
OK.
So in some areas it's going it's extending further where we don't want it to.
Such as the heading here as well as these boxes not the footer or these widgets because they have their
own container.
If we look at let's say the content region 2 and content region 1 they have the container class so we
just need to add a container to the heading as well as the box area.
So let's go up here and we have our header.
We're just going to add in a container.
All right.
So take a look at that case you can see everything now pushed to the middle.
Now for the boxes area which is right here will do the same thing
.
They reload that and now everything is pushed in except for the geometry.
Now I do want the text in all that content to be restricted just not the background so what we'll do
is we'll do the same thing with the Jumbotron.
OK we want to go inside the div here and then call the container
.
And there we go.
So let's go back to the C Ss and actually you know what the button here.
I want that to have a primary class ok by default it had success.
Let's just change that to primary.
That'll change the color to the correct green and also give us the white.
Now if you notice when I hover over it we get a blue when I don't want that.
So let's go up to where we have the button primary.
And we're going to save between primary and hover.
So what I want is I want that to have a background of white and then we'll change the color to that
green color
as well as the border to that color.
OK so now we go and hover.
Now it's just white.
All right.
Actually this needs to be border color.
Now I also want to have a class to reverse it to have this be the regular state and then nappie the
hover.
So what I can do is copy that save button primary reverse we'll take what we have here.
Paste that in and then we'll take what we have here
piece in here and then we'll just change this to reverse OK.
We do want to take this off so the color white.
So now it's move along to these boxes.
Now each one has a class of block.
So let's do the block class.
OK.
Block is going to have a border
and going to set some padding here we're going to say 20 20 30 20 and we want to just move everything
to the center.
And then for the age three saved are age three.
We're going to set that color to the green.
So see this right here.
All right let's go ahead and take a look.
All right so that didn't change anything.
That's a little weird.
Let's see let's school back.
Did I not do the block.
No they don't have the block class.
All right so in this where we have the boxes we want each one to be wrapped in a block class
.
There's one
two
and there's three.
They go back reload and there we go.
Now for the icon we have to make those bigger.
Remember we gave each one the class of F.A. three.
So what we'll do is we'll say f a theory
and we're going to set font size to 4 am and we're going to leave it important.
K now the all the icons we also want the color to be that green.
So we're going to say hey we're going to set the color to green.
All right.
So things are looking a lot better.
Now we want to move on to these widget areas and I'm just going to paste in a couple things here.
So content or region one would just adding the green background color white text to line center to and
then we're also doing a three which has a black background too has a white gray black background.
So we save that.
Now you can see we have the green background.
Now we want the marketing class to have some margin so let's do that when we go right here and say marketing
margin is going to be 40 pixels zero.
OK so that adds some margin here and lets put some margin on the bottom.
Actually you know what I don't want margin on the bottom here.
These two are going to be right on top of each other.
All right so let's fix that.
I want to set content region to image or set with to 100 percent
that in-work content region to oh I forgot the dash.
All right so now we need some padding here so let's get a copy.
I mean I'm going to paste in all my padding classes.
OK.
So we have padding top and bottom from 20 to 60 pixels.
All right so that looks much better.
Now I just want to add some styles for the content region headings.
So this is for a content region 3 h for this one here is for one and two H ones k just zero padding
and margin.
Font size is going to be 40 K now.
Down here in the Forder the footer is actually going to be content region 3 so I don't think I put that
in here.
Malik.
No I didn't.
So right here we have the flooder.
We're going to add on to the class here.
We're going to say content region 3.
And then let's do padding top 30 and padding bottom 40.
OK.
Now we have this little bit of white down here and that's coming from the body type.
So body going to get rid of this padding bottom 20 and that should fix that.
Now for the footer form here I'm going to just style that.
So we're going to paste that in here.
OK so I'm just saying content region 3 form input that is text as well as text area.
And we're just setting some padding background things like that.
OK so that looks a lot better.
All right so now if we visit the about page now we have to make some changes on the above page just
like we did on index you can see that the should be going out all the way.
And the reason for that is that we have the container wrapped around the whole page.
So go ahead and fix that.
See as each team melts open about and we're just going to get rid of this container
.
All right let's reload.
OK.
And now we just need to add the container to the to the head area to the header
which is here
.
Now in the actual word press theme you only have one header and one footer so you won't have to do this
But I just want to fix this just so you have it and then in the footer we need to add a couple of classes
that are here.
So we're going to add content region 3 and then we want padding top.
What was it 30 and then 40
right
now for the side widget.
I'm also going to paste in some classes for that or some styles for that I should set and some of this
stuff will change a little bit when we actually build the word press theme.
OK.
So you can see it put the line for the the heading.
Now we're going have the same issue with the blog.
Let's see.
So these what I'll do is copy what we just did.
For instance the footer class.
Let's take that
in let's open blog each tiem now.
And also single each team now and let's add the for our class
.
OK.
And then we're going to also remove the container that wraps around the whole thing.
And then we want to add a container to the head
.
Right.
OK so that looks good.
Oh the titlebar we need to add some styles for that
piece that line
curly and then let's see what else we're going to need some new styles for this for the men and for
the rest of the post.
So let's paste those in.
OK so the article posted self we have a border bottom overflow padding.
And then for that matter we're going to add a border to the top and bottom.
Let's see what else for the list items in the meadow we want those to float to the left and display
in line and then the image is going to be 100 percent.
OK so let's go ahead and reload and there we go.
So it's pretty good.
And then the single page we also need to get rid of that container that's going around the whole template
and then we should be all set.
I believe
it will add a container to the head.
I know we should have done this earlier but it's all right
.
And there we go.
All right so that's our Each team on template looks pretty good in the next video we're going to start
.
And we're going to start to convert this into a WordPress theme.